Update HIP Compilers to point to ROCm compiler reference (#3791)
ROCm-Developer-Tools/HIP: docs/understand/compilers.rst

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The HIP code compilation is performed in two stages: host and  device code

> compilation stage. For more information, see the :doc:`ROCm compiler reference <llvm-project:reference/rocmcc`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
compilation stage. For more information, see the :doc:`ROCm compiler reference <llvm-project:reference/rocmcc>`.
```

> compilation stage. For more information, see the `ROCm compiler reference <https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/llvm-project/en/latest/reference/rocmcc.html>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
compilation stage. For more information, see the :doc:`ROCm compiler reference <llvm-project:reference/rocmcc`.
```
